How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    Most of the files' contents were itentical and not shown. That allowed me 
    to look at just the differences and see if there was an obvious mistake in 
    those few lines.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    If a bug was introduced in a previous version, I could rewind to the last 
    good version of the code to more easily spot the bug and fix it.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    Manually choosing commit points makes them more likely to be logical 
    dividing points in the process. However, one must be on top of the commit 
    process, which can be a form of multi-tasking unless making commits becomes
    automatic or second-nature.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    Different use cases are involved, so the systems take different approaches.
    Code files are often tightly linked, and a global change may involve 
    changes to multiple files. Having a single commit capture the entire 
    project is useful.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    The git log command can be used to view the status message for each commit 
    to guide you to the version you want. The git diff command can be used to 
    see what changed between two versions of a file.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    If I keep the changes small between each commit, breaking something is not 
    much of an issue if I have a good testing system in place to notice bugs as
    quickly as possible.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    I want to use Git for creating the Fine Arts Theatre WordPress theme and 
    plugin. I also want to use it as I learn Python. 